feat(lb): created ACL doc MTA-1671 (#389)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/how-to/create-manage-acls.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to create and manage ACLs
  description: This page explains how to create and manage ACLs
content:
  h1: How to create and manage ACLs
  paragraph: This page explains how to create and manage ACLs
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-04
  posted: 2022-02-04
---

An **A**ccess **C**ontrol **L**ist (ACL) is a list of permissions that control which traffic (based on source and destination IPs, or HTTPS information) is allowed to pass through your Load Balancer. This allows you to build extra security into your Load Balancer, and permit or deny access to the application(s) behind it.

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) 

> - You have [created a Load Balancer](/network/load-balancer/how-to/create-load-balancer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have [created a Load Balancer](/network/load-balancer/how-to/create-load-balancer/)
```

    
    If you select the `HTTPS` protocol, an additional prompt appears, allowing you to filter on HTTPS data (paths or headers):   
      - **Filter type**: choose from `path_begin` to filter on the beginning of the URL, `path_end` to filter on the end of the URL or `regex` to filter on a regular expression to match in the URL, enter the value/s to match and click **Add Filter**. Repeat for as many filter types and values as you wish.
      - If you choose the `header` filter type, an additional prompt appears:
          - **Header name**: enter a header name to filter on (one max per ACL)
          - **Values**: enter the values to match in the specified header (as many as you wish) and click **Add filter** for each.

7. Click **Create ACL** to finish. You are redirected to the ACLs tab, where your new ACL now appears.

8. Repeat steps 5 and 6 to create new ACLs. Remember that they will be applied in order, according to the priority number you give each ACL.

<Message type="tip">

- ACLs are applied by the Load Balancer in order of priority, where the ACL with priority 1 (or the lowest given number) is applied first, followed by the next highest number etc.

> - An ACL which gives access to traffic based on the filter condition `allow if`, will therefore reject all traffic that doesn't match that filter condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An ACL which gives access to traffic based on the filter condition `allow if`, will therefore reject all traffic that does not match that filter condition.
```
